oh hey hey do you have a minute yeah
yeah I was just about to take a break
anyway sure listen uh I know you and I
haven't really had a chance to talk
since Emily and I decided to get married
and I'm just wondering how you were oh I
mean I know if you were getting married
uh oh yeah I would feel I'm kind of you
know uh yeah yeah dad definitely took me
by surprise but you know uh I'm okay
yeah yeah okay I just wanted to check oh
that's sweet thank you oh you're great
hmm and I know someday this will happen
for you too
you just hang in there hang in there why
I didn't mean I mean maybe you have not
heard of a little serious relationship
called me and Joshua oh I thought you
guys had just been on like four dates I
didn't realize that had become anything
oh yeah no no oh no that has become
hidden yeah oh no those were four great
dates oh yeah oh yeah oh and the
connection I mean you know emotionally
mentally you know physically yes wow
that's that's that's incredibly know
isn't it it's like I'm right there with
Joshua you are right there with Emily
and it's you know it's kind of like it's
a time
well I got I got to get back to my
dishes oh I gotta get to work
oh yeah hey you know you know what makes
me really happy
oh you know what's it it's like the four
of us could all you know hang out
together
in fact Emily's coming into town this
weekend what do you say we all have
dinner say Sunday night that would be
great yeah
all right all right it's a date yeah
hang in there you hang in there you say
something
hi Hey
I hear that you and Josh we're going out
to dinner with Ross and Emily and I
think that's I think that's really cool
yeah Rachel I think you're handling that
really well handling it hae-in handling
it there's nothing to handle you know
maybe I would have a problem with this
if it wasn't for me and Joshua no no
they're not gonna get married anyway
what come on
they rushed into this thing so fast it's
ridiculous I mean they're gonna be
engaged for like what a year somewhere
along the way one of them is gonna
realize what they've done they're gonna
call the whole thing off I'm telling you
you're gonna be dancing at my wedding
for you're dancing at theirs
yeah well I don't dance at weddings
because weddings are a great place to
meet women and when I dance I look like
this
Amen so what are you guys doing four
weeks from today nothing nothing I am
free great because Emily and I are
getting married in a month
what yep in a month
yeah you meet you in 30 days yeah from
now yeah yeah Emily always wanted to get
married in this beautiful place that her
parents got married but it's gonna be
torn down so I mean I know it's crazy
but everything up to now has been so
crazy and oh it just feels right you
know hey that's the day after I start
menstruating
this isn't mine